JP-3288 use DQ plane in residual_fringe code (#8381)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

1.14.1 (unreleased)
===================

<<<<<<< HEAD

documentation
-------------
- Added docs for the NIRSpec MSA metadata file to the data products area of RTD.
  [#8399]

> =======

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

residual_fringe
---------------
- Use DQ plane to exclude pixels marked as DO_NOT_USE in correction. [#8381]

> >>>>>>> 922e2c50c (updates after review)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1.14.1 (unreleased)
===================

residual_fringe
---------------

> - Using DQ plane and exclude pixels marked as DO_NOT_USE in correction. [#8381]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use DQ plane to exclude pixels marked as DO_NOT_USE in correction. [#8381]
```

  to use uint16 instead of uint8, in order to avoid potential
  overflow/wraparound problems. [#8377]

  

>  residual_fringe

Reviewer: this looks to be repeated
